//2017.2.27
Understanding and Diagnosing Visual Tracking Systems
KeyPoints:
	public dataset: VTB1.0  PTB  ALOV++  VOT2014  VTB2014  VTB2.0  NUS-PRO
	Feature Extractor: HOG + Raw Color
	Observation Model: Structured Output SVM


//2017.2.28
Crowd Counting Estimation in Video Surveillance Based on Linear Regression Function 
KeyPoints:
	Existing alogotithms can be divided into quantitative statistics methods and qualitative estimation methods.
	Pixel-based method faces the difficulty of foreground extraction and perspectrive distortion.
	Light Effect Suppression Model(LESM) is used to extract the foreground, which combines MLBS and MFDM.
	Oriented Inner Edges(OIEs) is applied to indicate the occlusion area.
	A new method of perspective normalization is applied to furthest reduce the impact of perspective distortion.
	MRE = mean relative error
	MAE = mean absolute error
	MSE = mean square error
	SURF points

Cross-scene Crowd Counting via Deep Convolutional Neural Networks
KeyPoints:
	108 crowd scenes with nearly 200,000 head annotations
	Most state-of-art methods are scene-specific


//2017.3.1
Multi-SourceMulti-Scale Counting in Extremely Dense Crowd Images
KeyPoints:
	multiple sources: head detestions, repetition of texture elements, and frequency-domain analysis along with
					confidence associated with observing individuals
	Markov Random Field (Why use it?) For cross scene?
	50 crowd images containing 64,000 peoples with head countings ranging from 94 to 4543

//2017.3.3
From Semi-Supervised to Transfer Counting of Crowds
KeyPoints:
	The most informative frames are selected for annotation automatically and actively.
	The abundant unlabelled date are exploited.
	Labelled data from other scenes are employed to further alleviate the burden for data annotation.
	dataset: ucsd, mall, and hallway.
	The semi-supervised regression model is builds on the Laplacian regularised least squares concept and Hessain energy.
	active learning for regression: D-optimality and E-optimality designs.

//2017.3.5
